Comm++ 3.0 supports three different 32 bit DOS Extenders:

    Tenberry Software (formerly Rational Systems) DOS/4G v1.97

    Phar Lap TNT DOS-Extender 7.0

    Borland PowerPack

The easiest way to determine what extenders are supported by your
compiler is simply to execute the BUILD.EXE program without any
arguments.  This will print a list of supported libraries.  DOS/4G
libraries will always be named CPFR32.LIB.  Phar Lap libraries will be
named CPFP32.LIB, and PowerPack libraries will be named CPX32.LIB.

To use the 32-bit DOS extenders with Comm++, you must use the class
GFI8250.  This is the only platform class that includes DOS extender
support.

The most difficult thing about using a 32 bit DOS Extender is getting
your compiler and linker options set up properly.  You usually have to
add new libraries and include files to your path, as well as changing
compiler options, and perhaps changing the compiler itself.

To help you get a good compile and link, our BUILD utility can be used
to properly build our demo and example programs.  You can test your
installation by making a protected mode version of our demo program
VIDTERMD, or many of our examples.

If you have trouble building your application, first make sure your
installation is done properly.  A good way to start is to build a simple
program like this:

    #include <stdio.h>
    #include <stdlib.h>

    main( void )
    {
        long kbytes = 0;
        int i;

        for ( i = 0 ; i < 500; i ++ ) {
            if ( malloc( 10000 ) == 0 )
                 break;
            kbytes += 10;
        }
        printf( "Allocated %ld Kbytes\n", kbytes );
        return 1;
    }

If you are linking properly with the DOS Extender, you should be able to
allocate a few megabytes of memory.  If your DOS Extender isn't working,
you will be limited to some number less than 640K.

Once you have this working, you can try building VIDTERMD with our
library, using the appropriate BUILD utility.  You should be able
to run VIDTERMD and talk to your port properly.  Run it as "VIDTERMD
SPLIT", and you can see if you are getting any real mode interrupts.
You won't see any in a Windows DOS Box, but you should from vanilla DOS.

If you get this far without problems, and your protected mode app is
still not working properly, there is one helpful thing you can do before
calling Tech Support.  First, build a debug version of the extended
library using BUILDxxx.EXE.  Then, link your application to the debug
library, and generate a link map.  Many of the problems with DOS
Extenders turn out to be linker related.  The debug version of the
library has many assertions that flag problems.  In addition, the debug
version has some display code inside the ISR that can be turned on for a
sanity check.

DOS Extender Macros
If you are building an application using the DOS/4G or TNT DOS Extenders,
you need to define either GCPP_DOS4G or GCPP_DOSX386 on the command line,
respectively.  This will inform the library that you are creating a DOS
Extended application and the proper header files will be included.  If
you are using the Borland PowerPack DOS Extender you will not need to
define any macros since the compiler defines an internal macro that our
header files will detect.

DOS Extenders are hard to use.  Good Luck!
