--- STRINGID_HELP
StringID
This field contains the string identification for the object.

The default string identification for a resource window is "RESOURCE" plus
a unique number corresponding to the order in which it was created. The
default string identification for an object attached to another object is
"FIELD" plus a unique number corresponding to the order in which attached
to the parent resource.  The number given to the first object is actually
0, so, for example, the screen identification for the second object created
within a resource window would be "FIELD_1."

Since the object appears in lists in other locations within the program, it
is recommended that you override the default identification and enter a
string that more specifically identifies the object.  The identification
will appear in all locations exactly as you have entered it in this field.

--- HELP_CONTEXT_HELP
helpContext
This field designates the help context to be associated with the current
object.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the available help
contexts. (These are created by interaction with the help editor.)  If you
select one of the contexts listed, the help message of that context will be
displayed whenever the user positions on the object and requests help.

--- OBJECT_LIST_HELP
Object List
This field displays the objects, listed in the order in which they were
created, that are attached to the current object.  To access the editor of
one of these listed objects, double click on it with the mouse or scroll to
it and press <Enter>.

To change the order of the objects listed, press <Ctrl> and move an item
with the arrow keys to the desired position.  Pressing <Ctrl Del> deletes
the highlighted object.

--- FLAGS_LIST_HELP
Flag List
The flags listed in this field control the general presentation and
operation of the current object.  All of these items are listed with check
boxes, which display as selected when they are currently in effect.  To
toggle a flag or option from non-current to current or vice versa, select
it by either clicking on it with the mouse or by scrolling to it and
pressing <Enter>.  There is no limit to the number of flags that can be in
effect at a given time; however, if two flags are selected that present
conflicting information, such as "Center Justify" and "Right Justify,"
only the flag listed first in the field will have effect.

--- OK_BUTTON_HELP
OK Button
Selecting this button saves the edit information and closes the object
editor window.  The current object will reflect the editing changes
immediately.  If no information has been entered within the object editor,
its window will close with no other action taking place.

--- CANCEL_BUTTON_HELP
Cancel Button
Selecting this button causes the window to close without executing any
changes.  It should be selected if you have not made any changes in the
current window and you wish to close it.

--- HELP_BUTTON_HELP
Help Button
Additional information about the current object appears in a help window
when this button is selected.  To close the help window, select the "Close"
option from the system button's menu, double click on the system button
with the mouse, or press <Alt+F4>.

--- MIN_ICON_HELP
Minimize Icon
This field designates the icon to be associated with the window when it is
minimized.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the available
icon images.  (These are created by interaction with the Image Editor.)  If
you select one of the icons listed, the window will be represented by it
when in a minimized state.  The end user will be able to double click on the
icon in order to restore the window to its original size on the screen.

--- NUMBER_FIELD_HELP
Number (Integer and Real)
Enter in this field the number that you want to appear in the number
field.

--- BIGNUM_FIELD_HELP
Bignum
Enter in this field the number that you want to appear in the bignum field.
 The number will be displayed with the number of decimal places designated
by the flags you have set. A bignum object can have up to thirty digits to
the left of the decimal place and up to eight digits to the right of the
decimal place.

--- RANGE_FIELD_HELP
Range
If you want to specify a certain range of acceptable values, enter in this
field the valid ranges.  For example, if you want to accept only numbers
between 100 and 100,000 in a numeric field, enter the range of
"100..100000."  If no range is entered, any value, as long as it meets the
general requirements for the object, will be accepted.

--- USER_FUNCTION_HELP
userFunction
If you want to have a user function associated with the object, you can
enter the name of it in this field.  The function must be defined somewhere
in your code under the same name that is entered so that Zinc Designer can
find it and execute the designated action.  (For more information on
creating user functions, refer to the description of the object's
constructor in the Programmer's Reference.)

--- TEXT_FIELD_HELP
Text
Enter text in this field exactly as you want it to appear in the text
object.  If the object contains a "maxLength" limitation and the text
entered contains more characters than that limitation allows, only the
number of characters that fall within the limit will be displayed.

--- VALUE_FIELD_HELP
Value
This field allows you to enter in a value that serves as a unique
identification for a button.  For example, you could associate the value 0
with an "ok" button and a value of 1 with a "cancel" button.  This allows
you to define one user-function that looks at the button values, instead of
several user-functions that are tied to each button object.  If the
BTF_SEND_MESSAGE flag is set, the value must be an event type.

--- BITMAP_FIELD_HELP
Bitmap
This field designates the bitmap image to be associated with the object. 
Select the combo box button to view a list of the available bitmaps. (These
are created by interaction with the Image Editor.) If you select one of the
bitmaps listed, it will be displayed on the object.

--- COMPARE_FUNCTION_HELP
compareFunction
If you want to have a compare function associated with the object, you can
enter the name of it in this field.  The function must be defined somewhere
in your code under the same name that is entered so that the design tool
can find it and execute the designated action.  (For more information on
creating compare functions, refer to the description of the object's
constructor in the Programmer's Reference.)

--- DATE_FIELD_HELP
Date
Enter in this field the date that you want to appear in the date object. 
The default format to which this date will be automatically converted is
"month-day-year" with spaces being automatically converted to hyphens (-).

--- COMPRESSED_TEXT_HELP
compressedText
Enter text in this field as you want it to initially appear in the
formatted string object.  It must conform to the specifications set by the
"editMask" and "deleteText" fields.  For example, a string "8017858900"
would be appropriate for a formatted telephone number.

--- EDIT_MASK_HELP
editMask
This field determines the type of characters that the formatted string will
accept.   The following characters can be used to define the edit mask:

  a - Allows the end-user to enter a space (' ') or any letter (i.e., 'a'
through 'z' or 'A' through 'Z').

  A - Same as the 'a' character option except that a lower-case letter is
automatically converted to an upper-case letter.

  c - Allows the end-user to enter a space (' '), a number (i.e., '0'
through '9'), or any alphabetic character (i.e., 'a' through 'z' or 'A'
through 'Z').

  C - Same as the 'c' character option except that a lower-case character
is automatically converted to upper-case.

  L - Uses this position as a literal place holder.  Using this character
causes the formatted string to get the character to be read and displayed
from the literal mask.  The end-user cannot position on nor edit this
character.

  N - Allows the end-user to enter any digit.

  x - Allows the end-user to enter any printable character (i.e., ' '
through '~').

  X - Same as the 'x' character option except that a lower-case letter is
automatically converted to an upper-case alphanumeric character.

Enter in the "editMask" field a string of characters that will define the
acceptable format for the string.  For example, an edit mask of
"LNNNLLNNNLNNNN" would be appropriate for a formatted telephone number.

--- DELETE_TEXT_HELP
deleteText
Enter into this field a string of literal characters that will be used
whenever a character is deleted from a particular position in the formatted
string. For example, a string of "(...) ...-...." would be appropriate for
a formatted telephone number.

--- CELL_WIDTH_HELP
cellWidth
Enter in this field a number to specify the maximum cell width of a single
list item.  If the list is wider than the specified width, it will be
displayed with multiple columns.  The default width is "10."

--- CELL_HEIGHT_HELP
cellHeight
Enter in this field a number to specify the maximum cell height of a single
list item.  If the list is taller than the specified height, it will be
displayed with multiple rows.  The default height is "1."

--- MAX_LENGTH_HELP
maxLength
The number in this field determines the number of characters that the
string object will display.  The default length is 20.  The maximum length
is 32,767.

--- TIME_FIELD_HELP
Time
Enter in this field the time that you want to appear in the time object. 
The default format to which this time will be automatically converted is
hour:minutes a.m. or hour:minutes p.m.  A space between numbers will be
interpreted as a colon, and necessary periods (for "a.m." and "p.m.") are
automatically inserted.  Since any hour value under 12 is interpreted as
morning, it is necessary to enter "pm" if the hour value is meant to be in
post-meridian time and you are using a 12-hour clock.  If you enter the
time value according to a 24-hour clock, there is no need to enter "a.m."
or "p.m."--the object will interpret and convert the value into the default
format.

--- ICON_IMAGE_HELP
Icon Image
This field designates the image to be associated with the icon.  Select the
combo box button to view a list of the available images.  (These are
created by interaction with the Image Editor.)  If you select one of the
images listed, it will be displayed on the icon.

--- ICON_TITLE_HELP
Icon Title
Enter in this field text exactly as you want it to appear in the
rectangular region below the icon.  If you do not want a title for the
icon, delete the default string "Icon."

--- FILE_OPTION_HELP
File Options
The File category options control the general operations of the design
tool.  The following options are included:

  New - Allows you to create a new file.

  Open - Allows you to open a previously created file.

  Save - Saves the current file in its present condition.

  Save As - Allows you to save the current file under a new name.

  Delete - Allows you to delete a file.

  Preferences - Allows you to change the default settings of Zinc
Designer.

  Exit - Exits you from Zinc Designer.

--- EDIT_OPTION_HELP
Edit Options
The Edit category options are used to edit the appearance and performance
of objects within the current resource.  The following options are 
included:

  Object - Allows you to edit the current object through interaction with
its editor.

  Advanced - Allows you to edit advanced attributes for the object.  (Used
for deriving objects.)
\
  Cut - Removes the current object from the screen and places it in a
global paste buffer.

  Copy -   Copies the current object and places the copy in a global paste
buffer.

  Paste -  Allows you to recall and position on the screen the contents of
the global paste buffer.

  Delete - Removes the current object from the screen.

  Move - Allows you to move the current object either by dragging the mouse
or by using the arrow keys.

  Size - Allows you to size the selected region from the bottom right
corner either by dragging the mouse or by using the arrow keys.\


--- RESOURCE_OPTION_HELP
Resource Options
The Resource category options allow you to create, modify, and retrieve
objects in the current file.  The following options are included:

  Create - Automatically places a window on the screen, complete with a
title bar, a system button, and minimize and maximize buttons.

  Load - Allows you to recall a previously created resource from the
current file.

  Store - Causes the current resource to be saved in its present condition
to the current file.

  Store As - Allows you to store the current resource under a new name.

  Inport - Allows you to import resources from another designer file.

  Edit - Causes the editor of the current window to appear.

  Clear - Causes the current resource to be removed from the screen.

  Delete - Allows you to delete a resource from the current file.

  Test - Allows you to test the objects of your current application
resource.

--- UTIL_OPTION_HELP
Utilities Options
The Utilities category provides options that allow you to create images and
help contexts to be used throughout your application.  The following
options are included:

  Image Editor - Allows you to create icon and bitmap images that can be
assigned to other objects in your application.

  Help Editor - Allows you to create help contexts to be used throughout
your application to provide context-sensitive help.

--- OBJECT_OPTION_HELP
Object Options
The Object category provides options that allow you to actually create
objects.  Each of the options on this menu is a category under which
several window objects are classified.  The available options are:

  Input - Includes objects that are used specifically for data input.

  Control - Includes objects that are used to control the various
operations of an application, its windows and window objects.

  Menu - Includes objects used specifically for creating menus that display
selectable options.

  Static - Includes window objects that are generally not designed to be
edited nor interacted with by an end user.

  Derive Object - Allows you to place an user-defined object derived
from UI_WINDOW_OBJECT.

Selecting one of the options causes another associated menu to appear,
which lists the actual window objects of that category.

To create an object, select it from the associated menu. Position the mouse
cursor where you want the object to appear on the resource window and press
the left mouse button. 

NOTE: All objects must be attached to a resource parent window; they cannot
be attached directly to the screen.

--- HELP_OPTION_HELP
Help Options
The Help category is available so that you can receive help at any time
during Zinc Designer's execution.  The various options represent the
different areas within Zinc Designer where help information is available. 
These options are:

  Index - Allows you to view all help contexts for the Zinc Designer.

  File - Causes help to be displayed regarding how to use the File options
in creating an application with Zinc Designer.

  Edit - Causes help to be displayed regarding how to use the Edit options
in creating an application with Zinc Designer.

  Object - Causes help to be displayed regarding how to use the Object
options in creating an application with Zinc Designer.

  Resource - Causes help to be displayed regarding how to use the Resource
options in creating an application with Zinc Designer.

  Utilities - Causes help to be displayed regarding how to use the
Utilities options in creating an application with Zinc Designer.

  About Designer - Causes information to be displayed regarding the general
contents and specifics of the design tool (e.g., the current version number
and copyright information).

--- OBJECT_BAR_HELP
Object Bar
The object bar presents some of the available window objects within Zinc
Designer.  It is designed to allow you to easily select these items with a
mouse and then attach them directly to your current resource.  When one of
the objects is selected, its name appears in the "place object" field on
the status bar, where it remains until it is attached to a window, or until
another object is selected from the object bar. The object is attached to a
resource by positioning the cursor on the desired location and clicking the
left mouse button.

By default the objects on the object bar are displayed by their bitmap
representations, but they can also be displayed as text only or as text and
bitmaps. (This is determined by the settings specified in the Preferences
option of the File menu.)

NOTE:  All of the window objects available in Zinc Designer are not
represented on the object bar.  For the complete set of objects, the Object
option must be used.\


--- FILE_NAME_HELP
File Name
Enter the name of the file to be created, opened, saved, or deleted here. 
If you do not include it yourself, a ".DAT" postfix will be automatically
attached to the name.

--- DRIVES_LIST_HELP
Drives
This field displays other drives that are available on your system. 
Selecting a drive causes the files and directories on that drive to be
displayed in their respective fields.

--- DIRECTORY_LIST_HELP
Directory
This field displays other available directories of the current drive.  ".."
represents the parent directory, and, if selected, will display the other
sub-directories of the current path, all of which are also selectable.

--- FILE_LIST_HELP
File
Other .DAT files created with Zinc Designer that belong to the current
directory are listed in this field.  If one of these files is selected, its
name will appear at the "File name" prompt.

--- RSRC_STRINGID_HELP
StringID
This field contains the string identification for the current resource. 
The default string identification for a resource window is "RESOURCE" plus
a unique number corresponding to the order in which it was created.  For
example, the screen identification for the first resource window created on
the screen would be "RESOURCE_1."

Since the resource appears in lists in other locations within the program,
it is recommended that you override the default identification and enter a
string that more specifically identifies the resource.  The identification
will appear in all locations exactly as you have entered it in this field.

--- RESOURCE_LIST_HELP
Resources
This field displays the resources that are available in the current file. 
The resources are listed by their stringID's in alphabetical order.  If one
of these is selected, its string identification will appear at the
"StringID" prompt.

--- IMAGE_TYPE_HELP
Image Type
This field designates the type of image--bitmap or icon--to be created. 
Select the combo box button or press the <down arrow>; then select one of
these two options.  If the image will be designed for use with an icon,
select "Icon."  For use with all other objects, select "Bitmap."

--- IMAGE_NAME_HELP
Image Name
Enter the name of the image to be created, opened, saved, or deleted here.

--- IMAGE_LIST_HELP
Images
Other images of the current type (i.e., bitmap or icon) that have been
created with the image editor in the current application file are listed in
the field in the center of the window.  If one of these images is selected,
its name will appear at the "Image name" prompt.

--- CONTEXT_NAME_HELP
Context Name
Enter the name of the context to be created, opened, saved, or deleted
here.

--- CONTEXT_LIST_HELP
Contexts
Other help contexts that have been created with the help editor in the
current application file are listed in the field in the center of the
window.  If one of these contexts is selected, its name will appear at the
"Context name" prompt.

--- IMAGE_WIDTH_HELP
Image Width
Enter in the "Width" field the desired pixel width for the image. If the
image type is icon, the width must be 32.

--- IMAGE_HEIGHT_HELP
Image Height
Enter in the "Height" field the desired pixel height for the image.  If the
image type is icon, the height must be 32.

--- UIF_BUTTON_HELP
Button Editor
A button is used to provide a selectable option that relates to a window.

text - Enter in this field text exactly as you want it to appear on the
button.

value - This field allows you to enter in a value that serves as an
identification for a button, or a message if the BTF_SEND_MESSAGE
flag is set for the button.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the
button, enter in this field the name of the function.

bitmap - This field designates the bitmap image to be associated with the
button.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the available
bitmaps.  If you select one of the bitmaps listed, it will be displayed on
the button.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the button
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated
with the button.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the button
are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags are:

BTF_AUTO_SIZE-Automatically computes the run-time height of the button.

BTF_CHECK_BOX-Creates a check box that can be toggled when selected.

BTF_DOUBLE_CLICK-Completes the button action when the button has been
selected twice within a certain period of time.

BTF_DOWN_CLICK-Completes the button action on a button down-click, rather
than on a down-click and release action.

BTF_NO_TOGGLE-Does not toggle the button's WOS_SELECTED status flag.

BTF_NO_3D-Causes the button to be displayed without shadowing.

BTF_RADIO_BUTTON-Causes the button to appear and function as a radio
button.

BTF_REPEAT-Causes the button to be re-selected if it remains depressed for a
certain period of time.

BTF_SEND_MESSAGE-Causes the event associated with the button's value to be
created and put on the event manager when the button is selected.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the text within the button.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the text within the button.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-Causes the button object to occupy all the remaining
space of its parent window.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the button object from being selected.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The button object cannot be made current.

--- UIF_DATE_HELP
Date Editor
A date field displays and collects date information.

date - Enter in this field the date that you want to appear in the date
object.

range - If you want to specify a certain range of acceptable dates, enter
in this field the valid date ranges.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the date
object, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the date
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the date field.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

flags - The flags that control interpretation and presentation of the date
object are listed in the field on the right side of the window.  These
flags are:

DTF_ALPHA_MONTH-Formats the month to be displayed as an alphabetic string.

DTF_DASH-Separates each date variable with a dash, regardless of the
default country date separator.

DTF_DAY_OF_WEEK-Adds an alphabetic string day-of-week value to the date.

DTF_EUROPEAN_FORMAT-Forces the date to be displayed and interpreted in the
European format (i.e., day/month/year).

DTF_JAPANESE_FORMAT-Forces the date to be displayed and interpreted in the
Japanese format (i.e., year/month/day).

DTF_MILITARY_FORMAT-Forces the date to be displayed and interpreted in the
U.S. Military format (i.e., day/month/year where either month is a 3 letter
abbreviated word and year is a two-digit year value (if DTF_SHORT_YEAR or
DTF_SHORT_MONTH flags are set) or month is spelled out and year is a
four-digit value).

DTF_SHORT_DAY-Adds a shortened day-of-week to the date.

DTF_SHORT_MONTH-Uses a shortened alphabetic month in the date.

DTF_SHORT_YEAR-Forces the year to be displayed as a two-digit value.

DTF_SLASH-Separates each date value with a slash.

DTF_SYSTEM-Fills a blank date with the system date.

DTF_UPPER_CASE-Converts the alphanumeric date to upper-case. 

DTF_US_FORMAT-Forces the date to be displayed and interpreted in the U.S.
format (i.e., month/day/year).

DTF_ZERO_FILL-Forces the year, month, and day values to be zero filled when
their values are less than 10.

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the date buffer if the end-user tabs
onto date field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_INVALID-Sets the initial status of the date field to be "invalid."

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the date information within the date
field.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the date information within the date
field.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the date object from being selected.

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the date field to be
"unanswered."

WOF_VIEW_ONLY-Prevents the date object from being edited.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The date object cannot be made current.

--- UIF_FMTSTR_HELP
Formatted String Editor
A formatted string is used to display and collect information that requires
a specific format.  For example, telephone numbers and zip codes are best
presented as formatted strings.

compressedText - Enter text in this field as you want it to initially
appear in the formatted string object.  It must conform to the
specifications set by the "editMask" and "deleteText" fields.

editMask - This field determines the type of characters that the formatted
string will accept.   The following characters can be used to define the
edit mask:

a-Allows the end-user to enter a space (' ') or any letter (i.e., 'a'
through 'z' or 'A' through 'Z').

A-Same as the 'a' character option except that a lower-case letter is
automatically converted to an upper-case letter.

c-Allows the end-user to enter a space (' '), a number (i.e., '0' through
'9'), or any alphabetic character (i.e., 'a' through 'z' or 'A' through
'Z').

C-Same as the 'c' character option except that a lower-case character is
automatically converted to upper-case.

L-Uses this position as a literal place holder.  Using this character
causes the formatted string to get the character to be read and displayed
from the literal mask. The end-user cannot position on nor edit this
character.

N-Allows the end-user to enter any digit.

x-Allows the end-user to enter any printable character (i.e., ' ' through
'~').

X-Same as the 'x' character option except that a lower-case letter is
automatically converted to an upper-case alphanumeric character.

Enter in the "editMask" field a string of characters that will define the
acceptable format for the string.

deleteText - Enter into this field a string of literal characters that will
be used whenever a character is deleted from a particular position in the
formatted string.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the
formatted string object, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the formatted
string object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the formatted string.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

flags - The flags that control the presentation of the formatted string
object are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags
are:

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the string buffer if the end-user tabs
onto formatted string field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_INVALID-Sets the initial status of the formatted string field to be
"invalid."

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the text information within the
formatted string field.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the text information within the formatted
string field.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the formatted string object from being
selected.

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the formatted string field to be
"unanswered."

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The formatted string object cannot be made current.

--- UIF_ICON_HELP
Icon Editor
An icon is used to display a 32x32 pixel bitmap image to the screen.

iconImage - This field designates the image to be associated with the icon.
Select the combo box button to view a list of the available images.  If you
select one of the images listed, it will be displayed on the icon.

title - Enter in this field text exactly as you want it to appear in the
rectangular region below the icon's bitmap.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the icon
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the icon.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the available help
contexts.

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the icon
are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags are:

ICF_DOUBLE_CLICK-Completes the icon action on a mouse double-click, rather
than on a single-click and release action.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the icon's title in graphics
mode.

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the string information within the
icon.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the string information within the icon.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Indicates that the icon object cannot be selected.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The icon cannot become current.

WOAF_TEMPORARY-Causes the icon to only occupy the xcreen temporarily.  Once
another window gets focus the temporary icon will be removed.

WOAF_NO_DESTROY-Prevents the Window Manager from calling the icon's
destructor when it is closed by the user.

WOAF_NO_MOVE-Prevents the end-user from changing the position of the icon.
\
WOAF_MODAL-Prevents any other window from receiving event information from
the Window Manager.

WOAF_LOCKED-Prevents the Window Manager from removing the icon from the
screen display.

--- UIF_INTEGER_HELP
Integer Editor
An integer number is used to present and collect numeric information for
integers.  It cannot be formatted.

integer - Enter in this field the integer that you want to appear in the
integer field.

range - If you want to specify a certain range of acceptable integer
values, enter in this field the valid ranges.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the
integer object, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the integer
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the integer field.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the
integer information are listed in the field on the right.  These flags
are:

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the numeric buffer if the end-user tabs
onto integer field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_INVALID-Sets the initial status of the integer field to be "invalid."

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the numeric information associated with
the number object.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the numeric information associated with
the integer object.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the integer object from being selected.

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the integer field to be
"unanswered."

WOF_VIEW_ONLY-Prevents the integer object from being edited.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The integer field cannot be made current.

--- UIF_PROMPT_HELP
Prompt Editor
A prompt object is used to provide lead information for another window
object.

text - Enter in this field a text string exactly as you want it to appear. 
It will be automatically centered vertically.  If either the
WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER or the WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT flag is set and text string
is longer than the length of the prompt field, the field must be sized in
order to display the entire text.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the prompt
object from other objects.

flags - The flags that control the presentation of the prompt are listed in
the field on the right half of the window.  The flags are:

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the text within the prompt.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the text within the prompt.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).


--- UIF_REAL_HELP
Real Editor
A real number object is used to present and collect floating-point numeric
information. Decimal numbers will be displayed using decimal notation. 
When the decimal strings are too large, they are automatically converted
to scientific notation.

real - Enter in this field the number that you want to appear in the real
number field. 

range - If you want to specify a certain range of acceptable real number
values, enter in this field the valid ranges.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the real
number object, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the real
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the real number field.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the real
number information are listed in the field on the right.  These flags are:

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the numeric buffer if the end-user tabs
onto real field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_INVALID-Sets the initial status of the real number field to be
"invalid." 

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the numeric information associated with
the real object.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the numeric information associated with
the real object.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the real number object from being selected. 

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the real number field to be
"unanswered."

WOF_VIEW_ONLY-Prevents the real number object from being edited.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The real number field cannot be made current.

--- UIF_STRING_HELP
String Editor
A string object is used to present and collect alphanumeric string
information.

text - Enter text in this field exactly as you want it to appear in the
string object.

maxLength - The number in this field determines the maximum number of
characters that the string object may contain.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the
string object, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the string
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the string.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the available
help contexts.

flags - The flags that control the presentation of the string object are
listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags are:

STF_LOWER_CASE-Converts all character input to lowercase values.

STF_PASSWORD-Causes the characters entered into the string field to not be
echoed to the screen; rather, the "." character is printed for each
character typed.

STF_UPPER_CASE-Converts all character input to uppercase values.

STF_VARIABLE_NAME-Converts the space character to an underscore value.

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the string buffer if the end-user tabs
onto string field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_INVALID-Sets the initial status of the string field to be "invalid."

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the string information within the
string field.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the string information within the string
field.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the string object from being selectable.

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the string field to be
"unanswered."

WOF_VIEW_ONLY-Prevents the string from being edited.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The string cannot be made current.

--- UIF_TEXT_HELP
Text Editor
A text object is used to present and collect alphanumeric textual
information in a multi-line format.

text - Enter text in this field exactly as you want it to appear in the
text object.

maxLength - The number in this field determines the maximum number of
characters that the text object may contain.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the text
object, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the text
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the text field.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

options and flags - The options that control the presentation of the text
field are listed in the upper portion of the field on the right half of the
window.  These options are:

Vertical Scroll Bar-Places a vertical scroll bar inside the right border of
the text field.

Horizontal Scroll Bar-Places a horizontal scroll bar inside the bottom
border of the text field.

The flags that control the presentation of the text object are listed in
the lower portion of the field on the right half of the window.  The flags
are:

WNF_NO_WRAP-Disables the default word wrap in the text field.

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the text buffer if the end-user tabs
onto text field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_INVALID-Sets the initial status of the text field to be "invalid."

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-Causes the text object to occupy any remaining space
within the parent window.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the text object from being selected.

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the text field to be
"unanswered." 

WOF_VIEW_ONLY-Prevents the text object from being edited.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The text object cannot be made current.

--- UIF_TIME_HELP
Time Editor
A time field displays and collects time information.

time - Enter in this field the time that you want to appear in the time
object.

range - If you want to specify a certain range of acceptable time values,
enter in this field the valid time ranges.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the time
object, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the time
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the time field.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts. If you select one of the help contexts listed, the
help message of that context will be displayed whenever the user positions
on the time and requests help.

flags - The flags that control interpretation, presentation, and operation
of the time information are listed in the field on the right.  These flags
are:

TMF_COLON_SEPARATOR-Separates each time variable with a colon.

TMF_HUNDREDTHS-Includes the hundredths value in the time.

TMF_LOWER_CASE-Converts the time to lower-case.

TMF_NO_HOURS-Does not display nor interpret an hour value for the time
object.

TMF_NO_MINUTES-Does not display nor interpret a minute value for the time
object.

TMF_NO_SEPARATOR-Does not use any separator characters to delimit the time
values.

TMF_SECONDS-Includes the seconds value in the time.

TMF_SYSTEM-Fills a blank time with the system time.

TMF_TWELVE_HOUR-Forces the time to be displayed and interpreted using a 12
hour clock.

TMF_TWENTY_FOUR_HOUR-Forces the time to be displayed and interpreted using
a 24 hour clock.

TMF_UPPER_CASE-Converts the time to upper-case.

TMF_ZERO_FILL-Forces the hour, minute, and second values to be zero filled
when their values are less than 10.

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the time buffer if the end-user tabs
onto time field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_INVALID-Sets the initial status of the time field to be "invalid."

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the time information within the time
field.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the time information within the time
field.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the time object from being selectable.

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the time field to be "un-
answered."

WOF_VIEW_ONLY-Prevents the time string from being modified.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The time object cannot be made current.

--- UIF_POP_ITEM_HELP
Pop-Up Item Editor
A pop-up item is used to display and select options associated with a list
of menu items. It can be attached to a pop-up menu, to a pull-down item (as
the second level of selection within a pull-down menu), or to another
pop-up item. The multi-level effect of a pop-up menu or a pull-down menu is
further achieved by adding sub-pop-up items to the parent pop-up item.  The
design tool will allow you to continue adding additional levels as long as
there is available memory for them.

text - Enter in this field text exactly as you want it to appear on the
pop-up item.  It will be automatically centered vertically.

value - This field allows you to enter in a value that serves as a unique
identification for a pop-up item.  This allows you to define one
user-function that looks at the pop-up item values, instead of several
user-functions that are tied to each pop-up item object.  If the MNIF_-
SEND_MESSAGE flag is set, the value must be an event type.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the
pop-up item, enter in this field the name of the function.  This user
function must be defined somewhere in your code so that the object table,
created by the design tool, can retrieve it.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the pop-up
item object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the pop-up item.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the pop-up items, listed by their string
identifications, that are attached to the current pop-up item.  Select one
of these items, and its editor will appear. 

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the pop-up
item are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags
are:

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the items added to
the pop-up item.

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the pop-up menu associated with the pop-up item, not to
wrap when scrolling.

WNF_SELECT_MULTIPLE-Allows multiple items within the pop-up menu associated
with the pop-up item, to be selected.

MNIF_CHECK_MARK-Marks the first position of the menu item's string infor-
mation with a check-mark if the item has been selected.

MNIF_CLOSE-Causes the menu item to be selectable only when the parent
window can be closed.

MNIF_MAXIMIZE-Causes the menu item to be selectable only when the parent
window can be maximized.

MNIF_MINIMIZE-Causes the menu item to be selectable only when the parent
window can be minimized.

MNIF_MOVE-Causes the menu item to be selectable only when the parent window
can be moved.

MNIF_RESTORE-Causes the menu item to be selectable only when the parent
window is in a maximized or minimized state.

MNIF_SEND_MESSAGE-Causes the event associated with the menu item's value to
be created and put on the event manager when the menu item is selected.

MNIF_SEPARATOR-The menu item is a separator (i.e., a horizontal line used
to separate menu items).

MNIF_SIZE-Causes the menu item to be selectable only when the parent window
can be sized.

MNIF_SWITCH-Causes the menu item to be selectable only when switching
to another application is allowed.

BTF_DOUBLE_CLICK-Completes the item's action when the item has been
selected twice within a certain period of time.

BTF_DOWN_CLICK-Completes the item's action on an item down-click, rather
than on a down-click and release action.

BTF_NO_TOGGLE-Does not toggle the item's WOS_SELECTED status flag.

BTF_REPEAT-Causes the pop-up item to be re-selected if it remains depressed
for a certain period of time.

BTF_SEND_MESSAGE-Causes the event associated with the menu item's value to
be created and put on the event manager when the menu item is selected.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the text information associated with
the pop-up item.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the text information associated with the
pop-up item.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the pop-up item from being selected.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-Prevents the item from being made current.

Add Item - Selecting this button causes an additional pop-up item to be
added to the current pop-up item.

--- UIF_GROUP_HELP
Group Editor
The group object is used to allow physical grouping of window objects.  For
example, a series of radio buttons can be grouped together by first
creating a group object and then adding the radio buttons.

text - Enter in this field text exactly as you want it to appear in the
upper left corner of the group object's border.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the group
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the group.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the objects, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the group object.

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the group
are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags are:

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the objects added to
the group.

WNF_BITMAP_CHILDREN-Used to denote that some of the group's sub-objects
contain bitmaps.

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the group not to wrap when scrolling.

WNF_SELECT_MULTIPLE-Allows multiple items within the group to be selected.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-Causes the group box to occupy any remaining space
within the parent window.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the group from being selected.

--- UIF_BIGNUM_HELP
Bignum Editor
A bignum object is used to display and collect numeric information.  It can
be formatted in various ways, such as for numbers presented as percentages,
currency, and credit.

bignum - Enter in this field the number that you want to appear in the
bignum field.  The number will be displayed with the number of decimal
places designated by the flags you have set. 

range - If you want to specify a certain range of acceptable bignum values,
enter in this field the valid ranges.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the
bignum object, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the bignum
object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the bignum field.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the bignum
information are listed in the field on the right.  These flags are:

NMF_COMMAS-Displays the number with commas.

NMF_CREDIT-Displays the number with the '(' and ')' credit symbols whenever
the number is negative.

NMF_CURRENCY-Displays the number with the country-specific currency
symbol.

NMF_PERCENT-Displays the number with a percentage symbol.

NMF_DECIMAL(decimal)-Displays the number with a decimal point at a fixed
location.

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the numeric buffer if the end-user tabs
onto bignum field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_INVALID-Sets the initial status of the bignum field to be "invalid." 

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the numeric information associated with
the number object.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the numeric information associated with
the number object.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the bignum object from being selected.

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the bignum field to be
"unanswered."

WOF_VIEW_ONLY-Prevents the bignum object from being edited.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-Prevents the bignum from being made current.

--- UIF_POP_MENU_HELP
Pop-Up Menu Editor
A pop-up menu acts as a structure for selectable menu items which are
presented in rows and columns.  A selectable menu is created by adding
pop-up items to the pop-up menu.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the pop-up
menu object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the pop-up menu.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the pop-up items, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the pop-up menu.  Select
one of these items, and its editor will appear.

flags - The flags that control the presentation of the pop-up menu object
are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags are:

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the items within
the pop-up menu.

WNF_BITMAP_CHILDREN-Used to denote that some of the pop-up menu's pop-up
items contain bitmaps.

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the pop-up menu not to wrap when scrolling.

WNF_SELECT_MULTIPLE-Allows multiple items within the pop-up menu to be
selected.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-Causes the pop-up menu to occupy any remaining space
within the parent window.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the pop-up menu from being selected.

Add Item - Selecting this button causes a pop-up item to be added to the
pop-up menu.

--- UIF_PULL_ITEM_HELP
Pull-Down Item Editor
A pull-down item serves as the first level of selection in a pull-down
menu.  The multi-level effect of a pull-down menu is further achieved by
adding pop-up items to the pull-down item.

text - Enter in this field text exactly as you want it to appear on the
pull-down item.

value - This field allows you to enter in a value that serves as a unique
identification for a pull-down item.

userFunction - If you want to have a user function associated with the
pull-down item, enter in this field the name of the function.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the pull-down
item object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the pull-down item.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the pop-up items, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the pull-down item.  Select
one of these items, and its editor will appear. 

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the
pull-down item are listed in the field on the right half of the window. 
The flags are:

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the items within
the pull-down item's sub-menu.

WNF_BITMAP_CHILDREN-Used to denote that some of the pull-down item's pop-up
items contain bitmaps.

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the pull-down item's menu not to wrap when scrolling.

WNF_SELECT_MULTIPLE-Allows multiple items within the pull-down menu to be
selected.

BTF_REPEAT-Causes the pull-down item to be re-selected if it remains
depressed for a certain period of time.

BTF_SEND_MESSAGE-Causes the event associated with the pull-down item's
value to be created and put on the event manager when the pull-down item is
selected.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the pull-down item object from being selected.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The item cannot be made current.

Add Item - Selecting this button causes a pop-up item to be added to the
pull-down item.

--- UIF_PULL_MENU_HELP
Pull-Down Menu Editor
A pull-down menu acts as a structure for selectable menu items that appear
in a single horizontal line.  A multi-level selectable menu is created by
adding pop-up items to pull-down items and pull-down items to the pull-down
menu.  The pull-down menu object is automatically created with one pull-down
item attached to it.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the pull-down
menu object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the pull-down menu.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the pull-down items, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the pull-down menu.  Select
one of these items, and its editor will appear.

flags - The flags that control the presentation of the pull-down menu
object are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags
are:

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the items within
the pull-down menu.

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the pull-down menu not to wrap when scrolling.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the pull-down menu from being selected. 

Add Item - Selecting this button causes a pull-down item to be added to the
pull-down menu.

--- UIF_SCROLL_BAR_HELP
Scroll Bar Editor
A scroll bar is most often used to move through information in an
associated window, list box, or text field so that additional data which is
hidden outside of the displayed portion can be viewed.  The scroll bar
option, however, is not designed for such use.  Instead, creating a scroll
bar directly from the menu (or object bar) causes it to be added to the
current resource, independent of any other object.  For example, such a
scroll bar could be used as a volume control for an application.

NOTE: To associate a scroll bar with a window, a text field, or a vertical
list, simply select the vertical and/or horizontal scroll bar option or
flag available in the editor for each of these objects.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the
scroll-bar object from other objects.

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the
scroll bar are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The
flags are:

SBF_HORIZONTAL-Defines the scroll bar object to be a horizontal scroll
bar.

SBF_VERTICAL-Defines the scroll bar object to be a vertical scroll bar.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the scroll bar from being selected. 

--- UIF_WINDOW_HELP
Window Editor
A window is used as a controlling structure for displaying and interacting
with other objects.

By default, the window is created with a title, a system button, a maximize
button, and a minimize button.  Other objects can be added by simply
selecting them from the menu or object bar and placing them on the window.

title - Enter in this field, the text for the title bar on the window,
exactly as you wish it to appear.
\
minIcon - This field designates the icon to be associated with the window
when it is minimized. Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available icon images.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the child
window from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the child window.  Select the field's combo box button to view a list of
the available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the objects, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the child window.

options and flags - The options that control the presentation of the child
window are listed in the upper portion of the field on the right half of
the window.  The options are:

Border-Draws a three-dimensional border around the outer perimeter of the
window.

Maximize Button-Attaches a maximize button to the window that will enlarge
the window to its maximum size on the screen when selected.

Minimize Button-Attaches a minimize button to the window that will reduce
the window to its minimum size on the screen when selected.

System Button-Attaches a system button to the window.  When selected, a
system button displays the following selectable options: Restore, Move,
Size, Minimize, Maximize, and Close.

The flags that control the presentation and operation of the window are
listed in the lower portion of the field on the right half of the window.
 The flags are:

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-Causes the window to occupy all the remaining space of
its parent window.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the window from being selected.

WOAF_DIALOG_OBJECT-Creates the window as a dialog box.

WOAF_LOCKED-Prevents the user from removing the window from the screen
display.

WOAF_MDI_OBJECT-Creates the window as an MDI window.

WOAF_MODAL-Prevents any other window from receiving event information from
the window manager.

WOAF_NO_DESTROY-Prevents the window manager from calling the window's
destructor.

WOAF_NO_MOVE-Prevents the end-user from changing the screen location of the
window during an application.

WOAF_NO_SIZE-Prevents the end-user from changing the size of the window
during an application.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The window cannot be made current. 

WOAF_TEMPORARY-Causes the window to only occupy the screen temporarily. 

--- UIF_COMBO_BOX_HELP
Combo Box Editor
A combo box is a combination of a string field and a scrollable list box. 
It is used to display a list of selectable items.  The scrollable list is
displayed when the button to the right of the string field is selected.
When one of the items of that list is selected, it is copied into the
string field and the list box disappears.  If the string field is editable,
the user can enter text and the item in the list that most closely matches
the characters typed will be highlighted.  The user can then select the
item to copy it back into the string field.

Objects are added to the combo box's list by selecting them from the menu
or object bar and placing them on the combo box object.  By default, they
will be automatically aligned in a single column in the order in which they
were added.

compare - If you want to have a compare function associated with the combo
box, enter in this field the name of the function.  A compare function
determines the order of list items and must be defined somewhere in your
code so that the object table, created by the design tool, can retrieve
it.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the combo box
object from other objects.

height (cells) - Enter in this field the height, in cells, of the
drop-down list associated with the combo-box.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the combo box.  Select the help context field's combo box button to view a
list of the available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the objects, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the combo box.

options and flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation
of the combo box are listed in the field on the right half of the window. 
The flags are:

Vertical Scroll Bar-Places a vertical scroll bar inside the right border of
the combo box list field.

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the strings within
the list.

WNF_BITMAP_CHILDREN-Used to denote that some of the combo box's sub-objects
contain bitmaps.

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the combo-box's list not to wrap when scrolling.

WOF_AUTO_CLEAR-Automatically clears the string buffer if the end-user tabs
onto combo-box field and then begins typing.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_JUSTIFY_CENTER-Center-justifies the string associated with the combo
box's string field.

WOF_JUSTIFY_RIGHT-Right-justifies the string associated with the combo
box's string field.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-Causes the combo box to not be a form field.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the combo box object from being selected. 

WOF_UNANSWERED-Sets the initial status of the combo box to be
"unanswered," which is displayed as blank space on the screen.

WOF_VIEW_ONLY-Prevents the combo box from being edited.

WOAF_NON_CURRENT-The combo box cannot be made current.

--- UIF_TOOL_BAR_HELP
Tool Bar Editor
A tool bar is used as a controlling structure for a set of selectable
window objects.  It differs from the pull-down menu in that a variety of
objects can be added to it--not just menu items.  The tool bar will
automatically occupy the upper-most area available in a window, positioning
itself directly below the pull-down menu, if one exists.  Multiple tool
bars may be added to a window.

An object can be added to the tool bar by selecting the desired object from
the control window's menu or object bar and placing it on the resource
window's tool bar.  The control window's object bar itself is an example of
a group of bitmapped buttons that have been attached to a tool bar.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the tool bar
from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the tool bar.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the available
help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the objects, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the tool bar.

flags - The flags that control the presentation and operation of the tool
bar are listed in the field on the right half of the window.  The flags
are:

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the tool bar not to position its children
automatically.

WNF_SELECT_MULTIPLE-Allows multiple items within the tool bar to be
selected.

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the items within
the tool bar.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-Causes the tool bar to not be a form field.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the tool bar from being selected.

--- UIF_VLIST_HELP
Vertical List Editor
A vertical list is used to display items in a single-column fashion.  The
list is only scrollable vertically.  A vertical list is actually a
framework to which other objects can be attached.  These objects will be
aligned in a single-column fashion automatically.

compare - If you want to have a compare function associated with the
vertical list, enter in this field the name of the function.  A compare
function determines the order of list items and must be defined somewhere
in your code so that the object table, created by the design tool, can
retrieve it.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the vertical
list object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the vertical list.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the objects, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the vertical list.

options and flags - The options and flags that control the presentation and
operation of the vertical list are listed in the field on the right half of
the window.  The flags are:

Vertical Scroll Bar-Places a vertical scroll bar inside the right border of
the vertical list.

WNF_AUTO_SELECT-Causes an object in the list to be selected automatically
when it becomes current.

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the strings within
the list.

WNF_BITMAP_CHILDREN-Used to denote that some of the list's sub objects
contain bitmaps.

WNF_CONTINUE_SELECT-Allows the mouse to drag down the list.

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the list not to wrap when scrolling.

WNF_SELECT_MULTIPLE-Allows multiple items within the vertical list to be
selected.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-The list box is not a form field.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the list from being selected.

--- UIF_HLIST_HELP
Horizontal List Editor
A horizontal list is used to display related information in a
multiple-column fashion within a window.  The list is only scrollable
horizontally.  A horizontal list is actually a framework to which other
objects can be attached.  The items will be aligned automatically in rows
and columns.

cellWidth - Enter in this field a number to specify the maximum cell width
of a single list item.  If the list is wider than the specified width, it
will be displayed with multiple columns.

cellHeight - Enter in this field a number to specify the maximum cell
height of a single list item.  If the list is taller than the specified
height, it will be displayed with multiple rows.

compare - If you want to have a compare function associated with the
horizontal list, enter in this field the name of the function.  A compare
function determines the order of list items and must be defined somewhere
in your code so that the object table, created by the design tool, can
retrieve it.

stringID - Enter in this field a string that will distinguish the
horizontal list object from other objects.

helpContext - This field designates the help context to be associated with
the horizontal list.  Select the combo box button to view a list of the
available help contexts.

Objects - This field displays the objects, listed by their string
identifications, that are currently attached to the horizontal list.

options and flags - The options and flags that control the presentation and
operation of the horizontal list are listed in the field on the right half
of the window.  The flags are:

Horizontal Scroll Bar-Places a horizontal scroll bar inside the bottom
border of the horizontal list.

WNF_AUTO_SELECT - Causes an object in the list to be selected automatically
when it becomes current.

WNF_AUTO_SORT-Assigns a compare function to alphabetize the strings within
the list.

WNF_BITMAP_CHILDREN-Used to denote that some of the list's sub objects
contain bitmaps.

WNF_CONTINUE_SELECT-Allows the mouse to drag down the list.

WNF_NO_WRAP-Causes the list not to wrap when scrolling.

WNF_SELECT_MULTIPLE-Allows multiple items within the horizontal list to be
selected.

WOF_BORDER-Draws a single-pixel border around the object in graphics mode.

WOF_MINICELL-Uses mini-cells to determine size and position. Mini-cells are
a fraction the size of regular cell coordinates (1/10 by default).

WOF_NON_FIELD_REGION-Causes the list to occupy any remaining space within
the parent window.

WOF_NON_SELECTABLE-Prevents the list from being selected.

--- IMAGE_EDITOR_HELP
Image Editor
The image editor allows you to create icon and bitmap images that can be
assigned to other objects in your application.  This option only has effect
in graphics mode.

tool bar - The buttons on the tool bar effect the way the mouse
paints in the drawing field.  The first button (pencil) is used to
draw a single pixel path: click the mouse button and drag the mouse.  
The second button (roller) is used to draw a wide path: click the mouse 
button and drag.  The third button (line) is used to draw straight, point
to point lines:  click the mouse button down on the start point, drag to 
the end point and release.  The fourth button (empty rectangle) is used 
to draw unfilled rectangles: click the mouse button down on one
corner, drag to the opposite corner and release.  The fifth button
(filled rectangle) is used for drawing filled rectangles: click the mouse 
button down on one corner, drag to the opposite corner and release. 
The sixth button (empty ellipse) is used for drawing unfilled
ellipses: click the mouse button down on one corner of a bounding
rectangle, drag to the opposite corner and release.  The seventh
button (filled  ellipse) is used for drawing filled ellipses: click 
the mouse button down on one corner of a bounding rectangle, drag to 
the opposite corner and release.  The eight button (paint jar) is for
flood filling: click on any pixel of a solid region and it will flood
fill the region with the specified color.

colors field - The available colors are displayed in this field.  To select
a color, click on it with the mouse.

drawing field - This field is the drawing area where you create your icon. 
You can paint one pixel at a time by positioning on it and pressing a mouse
button, or you can paint in continuous motion by holding down a mouse
button and dragging the cursor.

image field - This area displays the image in its actual size as you create
it.

Screen - This field is used when you want to have part of your image be
transparent (i.e., to show through to the screen behind it).  Whichever
mouse button is used to click on this field will have the ability to draw
the transparent region.  For example, if you want to create a window icon
that displays the area underneath it, you could draw the frame for the
window with a color from the color field and then click on the "Screen"
field and fill the frame in.  To change the color that is displayed
as the "Screen" color, choose a color from the colors field with the
mouse, and click on the image field.

left/right - The box below "left" displays the color selected by the left
mouse button.  When you position the cursor anywhere in the "bitmap" area
and press the left mouse button, the color shown in the "left" box will be
painted onto the pixel underneath the cursor.

The box below "right" displays the color selected by the right mouse
button.  When you position the cursor anywhere in the "bitmap" area and
press the right mouse button, the color shown in the "right" box will be
painted onto the pixel underneath the cursor.

If either the right or the left mouse buttons have selected the "Screen"
field instead of a color from the colors field, the appropriate box of the
"left/right" field will be grey.

--- HELP_EDITOR_HELP
Help Editor
The help editor allows you to create help contexts to be used throughout
your application.

title - Enter in this field a title to be displayed on the help window's
title bar.

message - Enter in this field the text to be displayed as help information
within the help window.

Context options - The context options of the window's pull-down menu
control the general operations of the help editor.

--- ADD_ITEM_HELP
Add Item Button
Selecting this button causes a child item to be added to the current menu
object.

--- TITLE_HELP
Title
Enter in this field a title which will be displayed on the title bar of the
window.  It will be automatically centered vertically and horizontally.

--- FILE_OK_HELP
OK Button
Selecting this button causes the designated action (i.e., new, open, save
as, or delete) to take effect on the file indicated at the "File Name"
prompt.

--- FILE_HELP_BUTTON_HELP
Help Button
Additional information about file operations appears in a help window when
this button is selected.  To close the help window, select the "Close"
option from the system button's menu, double click on the system button
with the mouse, or press Alt <F4>.

--- RESOURCE_OK_HELP
OK Button
Selecting this button causes the designated action (i.e., load, store as,
or delete) to take effect on the resource indicated at the "StringID"
prompt.

--- IMAGE_OK_HELP
OK Button
Selecting this button causes the designated action (i.e., new, load, save
as, or delete) to take effect on the image indicated at the "Image Name"
prompt.

--- CONTEXT_OK_HELP
OK Button
Selecting this button causes the designated action (i.e., new, load, save
as, or delete) to take effect on the help context indicated at the "Context
Name" prompt.

--- FILE_WINDOW_HELP
File Operations
Interaction with the fields of the New, Open, Save As, and Delete windows
is accomplished as follows:

File Name - Enter the name of the file to be created, opened, saved, or
deleted here.  If you do not include it yourself, a ".DAT" postfix will be
automatically attached to the name.

Drives - This field displays other drives that are available on your
system.  Selecting a drive causes the files and directories on that drive
to be displayed in their respective fields.

Directory - This field displays other available directories of the current
drive.  ".." represents the parent directory, and, if selected, will
display the other sub-directories of the current path, all of which are
also selectable.

Files - Other .DAT files created with Zinc Designer that belong to the
current directory are listed in this field.  If one of these files is
selected, its name will appear at the "File name" prompt.

--- RESOURCE_WINDOW_HELP
Resource Operations
Interaction with the fields of the Load, Store As, and Delete windows is
accomplished as follows:

StringID - This field contains the string identification for the current
resource.  The default string identification for a resource window is
"RESOURCE" plus a unique number corresponding to the order in which it was
created.  For example, the screen identification for the first resource
window created on the screen would be "RESOURCE_1."  You can assign your
own identification to the resource by entering a different string at the
prompt.

Resources - This field displays the resources that are available in the
current file.  The resources are listed by their stringID's in alphabetical
order.  If one of these is selected, its string identification will appear
at the "StringID" prompt.

--- CONTEXT_WINDOW_HELP
Context Operations
Interaction with the fields of the New, Load, Save As, and Delete windows
is accomplished as follows:

Context Name - Enter the name of the context to be created, opened, saved,
or deleted here.

Contexts - Other help contexts that have been created with the help editor
in the current application file are listed in the field in the center of
the window.  If one of these contexts is selected, its name will appear at
the "Context name" prompt.

--- IMAGE_WINDOW_HELP
Image Operations
Interaction with the fields of the New, Load, Save As, and Delete windows
is accomplished as follows:

Image Type - This field designates the type of image--bitmap or icon--to be
created.  Select the combo box button; then select one of these two options.
If the image will be designed for use with an icon, select "Icon."  For use 
with all other objects, select "Bitmap."

Image Name - Enter the name of the image to be created, opened, saved, or
deleted here.

Image Width - Enter in the "Width" field the desired pixel width for the
image.  If the image type is icon, the width must be 32.

Image Height - Enter in the "Height" field the desired pixel height for the
image.  If the image type is icon, the height must be 32.

Images - Other images of the current type (i.e., bitmap or icon) that have
been created with the image editor in the current application file are
listed in the field in the center of the window.  If one of these images is
selected, its name will appear at the "Image name" prompt.

--- RESOURCE_HELP_BUTTON_HELP
Help Button
Additional information about resource operations appears in a help window
when this button is selected.  To close the help window, select the "Close"
option from the system button's menu, double click on the system button
with the mouse, or press <Alt+F4>.

--- CONTEXT_HELP_BUTTON_HELP
Help Button
Additional information about help context operations appears in a help
window when this button is selected.  To close the help window, select the
"Close" option from the system button's menu, double click on the system
button with the mouse, or press <Alt+F4>.

--- IMAGE_HELP_BUTTON_HELP
Help Button
Additional information about image operations appears in a help window when
this button is selected.  To close the help window, select the "Close"
option from the system button's menu, double click on the system button
with the mouse, or press <Alt+F4>.

--- PREF_WIN_HELP
Preferences
The "Preferences..." option allows you to change the default settings of
Zinc Designer. 

Backups - Enter in this field the number of backups that you would like the
designer to make each time a save operation is performed.

Options - This field presents the options for what can be displayed in the
design tool's windows. Each is presented as a check box that toggles, and
any number can be selected at one time.  The options available are: 

Object Bar-Causes an object bar to be displayed in the upper-most available
region of the window.  (NOTE: An object bar will always appear above a
status bar if both are present within a window.)

Status Bar-Causes a status bar to be displayed in the upper-most available
region of the window.

Help Bar-Causes a help bar to be displayed in the lower-most available
region of the window.

Bitmaps in Menus-Allows bitmap images to be displayed in menus.

Mini-Cell - This field allows you to set the default coordinate mini-cell
ratios.  The default width and height are 1/10 of a normal cell.

Object Bar Buttons - This field contains the objects that can be included
in an object bar.  Selecting one causes it to be represented on the tool
bar in the format specified by "Object Buttons" (i.e., bitmap and/or text).
 Each is presented as a check box that toggles, and any number can be
selected at one time.

Object Buttons - This field contains the options for the presentation of
object buttons.

Bitmap-Allows only bitmap images to be displayed on an object button.

Text-Allows only text to be displayed on an object button.

Bitmap and Text-Allows both bitmaps and text to be displayed on an object
button.

OK - Selecting this button closes the "Preferences" window and causes the
information selected to take effect.  If no information has been entered
within the window, it will close and no other action will take place.

Cancel - Selecting this button causes the window to close without executing
any changes.

Help - Additional information about default settings appears when this
button is selected.

The help bar at the bottom of the window displays instructions for
interaction with the fields of the "Preferences" window.

--- BACKUPS_HELP
Backups
Enter in this field the number of backups that you would like the designer
to make each time a save operation is performed.  Each backup file will be
saved under the same name as the main file but with a postfix that
indicates the backup number of the copy.  For example, a file with the name
of TEST.DAT will have a backup copy called TEST.BK1 if only "1" is entered
at the prompt.  If any number greater than "1" is entered at the prompt,
each time a save operation occurs another backup file will be created, up
to the maximum specified.  For example, a "3" at the prompt will cause the
creation of a TEST.BK1 file at the first save operation. During the second
save, TEST.BK1 will become TEST.BK2 and a new TEST.BK1 file will be created.
During the third save, TEST.BK2 will become TEST.BK3, TEST.BK1 will
become TEST.BK2 and an new TEST.BK1 file will be created.  Thereafter, these
three backup files would be updated on subsequent saves, with the most 
recent information being saved in TEST.BK1 and the oldest information in 
TEST.BK3.

--- OPTIONS_HELP
Options
This field presents the options for what can be displayed in the design
tool's windows. Each is presented as a check box that toggles, and any
number can be selected at one time.  The options available are: 

Object Bar-Causes an object bar to be displayed in the upper-most available
region of the window.  (NOTE: An object bar will always appear above a
status bar if both are present within a window.)

Status Bar-Causes a status bar to be displayed in the upper-most available
region of the window.

Help Bar-Causes a help bar to be displayed in the lower-most available
region of the window.

Bitmaps in Menus-Allows bitmap images to be displayed in menus.

--- MINICELL_HELP
Mini-Cell
This field allows you to set the default coordinate mini-cell ratios.  The
default width and height of a mini-cell are 1/10 of a normal cell.

--- OBJ_BAR_BUTTN_HELP
Object Bar Buttons
This field contains the objects that can be included in an object bar. 
Selecting one causes it to be represented on the tool bar in the format
specified by "Object Buttons" (i.e., bitmap and/or text).  Each is
presented as a check box that toggles, and any number can be selected at
one time.

--- OBJ_BUTTONS_HELP
Object Buttons
This field contains the options for the presentation of object buttons.

Bitmap-Allows only bitmap images to be displayed on an object button.

Text-Allows only text to be displayed on an object button.

Bitmap and Text-Allows both bitmaps and text to be displayed on an object
button.

--- PREF_OK_HELP
OK Button
Selecting OK closes the "Preferences" window and causes the information
selected to take effect.

--- PREF_HELP_BTTN_HELP
Help Button
Additional information about default settings appears in a help window when
this button is selected.  To close the help window, select the "Close"
option from the system button's menu, double click on the system button
with the mouse, or press <Alt+F4>.

--- HELP_MSG_HELP
Message
Enter in this field the text to be displayed as help information within the
help window.

--- COMBO_HEIGHT_HELP
Height
The height parameter determines the height (in cells) of the list which
drops down when the combo-box is selected.

--- ABOUT_DESIGN_HELP
About Zinc Designer
  Zinc Designer 3.5 allows you to interactively create your application
screens using Zinc objects.  Simply create a resource and then select 
window objects from the menu or tool bar and place them on the resource. 
You can then easily customize the objects with Zinc Designer's interactive
editors--just double click on an object to call its editor.

  After creating your screens, you save them to disk in a
platform-independent persistent object file. You add these resources to 
your application with one line of code. Resources you create with the 
Windows version of Zinc Designer can be opened and edited with the DOS
version and vice versa.

  Copyright (C) 1991-1993 Zinc Software Incorporated.  All Rights Reserved.

--- ADVANCED_EDIT
Advanced Edit
The advanced editor allows user defined flags to be set for an object,
and/or allows the object to be made a derived object by giving it a new
class name.

The value given in the 'userFlags' field will be available in the
'userFlags' member variable of UI_WINDOW_OBJECT at run time.

If a new class name is specified, a new objectID will be generated for the
object in the .HPP file generated by the designer.  An entry will also be
made for the object in the jump table ('objectTable') which is defined in
the designer generated .CPP file.  This entry in the jump table specifies a
'New' function which must be provided by the programmer.  This 'New'
function should call the constructor for the derived object created by the
programmer, and should return a pointer to the constructed object.
